<span face="Courier" size="5120">SENIOR COMPUTER SPECIALIST, U-1435-1688-112194, COMPUTER AND INFORMATION
SCIENCE; master's degree in computer science or a related field and eight
years of systems administration experience in a UNIX environment, or ten years
of systems administration and programming experience in a large heterogeneous
UNIX environment or an equivalent combination of education and experience;
extensive experience programming in C and Perl; solid understanding of
distributed and parallel programming techniques and object-oriented
programming; programming with BSD sockets or System V Streams interfaces;
extensive experience with all aspects of UNIX systems administration, for
example Client-Server techniques, configuration of mail and news systems,
system installation and configuration, printing systems, advanced security
concepts, third party software installation, diagnostic tools such as
etherfind, nfswatch and network analyzers; extensive experience with
networking and distributed computing concept and services, such as Network
File System (NFS), Network Information Service (NIS or NIS+), Domain Name
Service (DNS), extensive knowledge of TCP/IP and routing, Ethernet, token
ring, and ATM networks, secure RPC, kerberos and other distributed
authentication systems; extensive understanding of advanced concepts in modern
operating systems, such as virtual memory, inter-process communication, device
drivers and file systems; familiarity with BSD or System V versions of Unix;
experience with project management and planning; knowledge of RS-232, 10BaseT,
Fiber, Coax, Ethernet and SCSI hardware and cabling; familiarity with new
technology, such as multicast backbone and new protocols such as SIP or TUBA;
extensive experience smoothly integrating new technology into existing
computing environment; familiarity with standards groups such as Internet
Engineering Task Force (IETF), ATM Forum and POSIX, and recent work in
standards for UNIX operating systems, programing languages and networks;
knowledge of postscript and postscript printers; knowledge of TeX and
Metafont; experience writing purchase justifications, technical reports,
project design and planning documentation, user and reference documentation;
experience training users and making technical presentations; experienced with
Sun and HP hardware and software desired; experience with and knowledge of
distributed administration models, such as Distributed Computing Environment
(DCE), Distributed Management Environment (DME), Tivoli, CA-Unicenter and
other related systems; experience with and knowledge of UNIX security tools,
such as COPS, Internet Security Scanner (ISS), Tripwire, Texas A&amp;M TAMU
package and others; experience installing and administering Sybase release 4.9
or 10 desired; experience with programming in Tcl/Tk, Wafe, other languages
and application toolkits desired; experience in X11 programming desired;
conducts research and development for operation and integration of
heterogeneous UNIX Operating Systems and Systems Performance enhancements;
develops requirements; plans and completes detail design, implementation,
testing and documentation of distributed and/or parallel processing programs;
performs systems administration of heterogeneous distributed UNIX machines for
IICF. Salary range begins at: $37,272.</span>

<span font="Times Italic 6">(actual job posting from <b>1995</b>)</span>